chore(http): Refresh headers docs (d-k) (#36075)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/page_structures/page_types/http_header_page_template/index.md

If the header has a lot of available directives,
feel free to include multiple definition lists, subsections, and explanations as appropriate.

## Description

> If there is too much context or notes to include in the opening paragraphs, provide as much detail as necessary here, such as background information, hints for usage, and links to documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is too much content to include in the opening paragraphs, provide as much detail as necessary here, such as background information, hints for usage, and links to documentation.
```

## Examples

Note that we use the plural "Examples" even if the page only contains one example.

### A descriptive heading

> Each example **must** have an H3 heading (`###`) naming the example. The heading should be descriptive of what the example is doing. For example, "A simple example" does not say anything about the example and therefore, not a good heading. The heading should be concise. For a longer description, use the paragraph after the heading.

Reviewer: FWIW we wouldn't use "a simple example" anyway, because what is simple to one is not simple to others.

But I would use "Basic example" meaning "shows the core example usage".
